Name
    Standalone Manufacturing Tool. Version 1.0.
Synopsis
    smt option1 option1_argument option2 option2_argument ...
Description
    SMT is a standalone executable tool that provides command line
    capability to flash Silicon Labs fixed function devices with
    desired configuration values. The tool takes as input
    a configuration file in text format that was created using the
    Xpress Family configuration tools provided in Simplicity Studio.
    All devices must be of the same device model (e.g. CP2102N).
Options
--help
    Output this page.
--verbose
    Shows the location of a syntax error in the configuration file.
--device-count <decimal number>
    Mandatory. Specifies how many devices are connected. Programming
    process will not start if it finds a different number of devices
    or fails to open them. Verification process will endlessly retry
    until it can verify this number of devices.
--reset config_file_name
    Performs soft reset of all connected devices identified by the
    configuration file, equivalent to a USB disconnect/reconnect.
--set-config config_file_name
    Programs each device using the configuration provided in the
    configuration file. Prints the list of serial numbers programmed.
    You must save this list to pass later to --verify-config.
--verify-config config_file_name
    Verifies each device using the configuration provided in the
    configuration file. "--serial-nums GUID" can't be used with this
    option; you must specify the numbers reported earlier by the
    programming command. Fails if device is locked.
--lock
    Legal only together with verification. If all devices are successfully
    verified, permanently locks them so they can't be customized anymore.
    Be sure you want to do this!
--verify-locked-config config_file_name
    Same as --verify-config, but will also verify locked devices
--set-and-verify-config config_file_name
    Programs and verifies each device using the configuration provided in
    the configuration file.  Prints the list of serial numbers programmed.
--serial-nums { X Y Z ... } | GUID
    Specifies that serial numbers should be written to the devices.
    If omitted, serial numbers are not programmed.
        { X Y Z } - List of strings to be used as serial numbers. The
        number of strings must be equal to the number of connected
        devices. There must be spaces between the strings and braces.
        The strings can't contain space characters.
        GUID - SMT will automatically generate unique serial numbers
        to be written to connected devices, using a platform-supplied
        UUID generation function.
--list config_file_name
    Displays a list of all connected devices identified by the
    configuration file.

Normal usage example
    The following command will program, verify and permanently lock the
    customizable parameters of all 3 connected devices. (Serial numbers
    will be automatically generated.)

    smt --device-count 3 --set-and-verify-config my_config.txt --serial-nums GUID --lock

Example for custom commands
    If you need to insert your own custom steps between programming and
    verification, use the following commands to separate steps. (Serial
    numbers are provided by the user to write to the device and provided
    again by the user for verification.)

    smt --device-count 3 --set-config my_config.txt --serial-nums { 20 21 22 23 }
    smt --device-count 3 --reset
    smt --device-count 3 --verify-config my_config.txt --serial-nums { 20 21 22 23 }
